My name is Nash Kaminski and I am currently pursuing a BS and MS in computer engineering coterminally at Illinois Institute of Technology. Ever since I was rather young, I have always been very curious as to why and how things work and why certain events happen as they do. Furthermore, I have also had a strong interest in electronics and computers. My first experiences with such go back as early as grade school, creating simple electric circuits that over time evolved into progressively more advanced ones as well as many hours of playing retro games and tinkering in visual BASIC on my first computer, an  Apple IIc. Owing to my strong work ethic and desire to learn, I have continued to advance over the years in terms of knowledge and problem solving capability and have since been involved in progressively more involved pursuits. As more time passed, I also became more and more certain that I would like to pursue a future where I could apply such knowledge in a practical manner. Therefore, I have chosen to study computer engineering and envision myself working in the field of computer hardware design in the near future. 

Therfore, my main goals during my career at IIT are to continue advance not only my own knowledge, but also the knowledge of those whom I work with. In the process of such, I also would like to network with peers having similar interests. In addition to being very advantageous after my career at IIT, this also facilitates some of the most enjoyable engineering projects that I have been involved in. An excellent example of such has been my extensive involvement in the student organization Illinois Tech Robotics, since my 2nd week at IIT. Illinois Tech Robotics, or ITR for short is a very large interdiscliplinary organization that is involved with more than simply robotics. ITR does participate in 2-3 large competitive events per year, typically the IIT pumpkin launch and the Midwest Regional Design competition. In addition, there is also a large amount of ITR that is primarily involved in so called hackerspace projects, or small projects of a few individuals which can range form anything to small pieces of software to considerably involved pieces of hardware and software. All of the projects that I have been a part of have been an excellent opportunity to not only share and apply knowledge, but also to solve an often challenging problem in an interesting and fun manner. I will say there is quite the sense of accomplishment when you are part of the team that takes 1st place in a competitive event, in this case the IIT pumpkin launch, by cooperating to build a nearly 15 foot tall machine capable of releasing pumpkins with millisecond timing at a speed of over 100 mph while still maintaining over 80% accuracy. 
